(people murmuring in surprise)
Someone explain this to me.
Does King Kong really exist now
and I just missed the memo?
I don't want to believe it.
It must be charyeok.
(alarm blaring)
What the hell?
[Chief] Mr. President,
we have to evacuate.
Understood.
Confirm it ASAP and let me know.
-(metallic clanging)
-Huh?
(doors whirring)
Who is he?
Stop!
I said stop!
And who are you?
Republic of Korea
National Assembly,
I'm Mujin Park.
(Mujin chuckles)
(energetic electronic music)
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinkin' hard right now ♪
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ Opening my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping your secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call ♪
♪ Then you fold ♪
♪ You build me ♪
♪ Till your walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not
letting go, oh, oh ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call ♪
♪ Then you fold ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
(foreboding music)
-(electronics beeping)
-(people talking indistinctly)
That's weird,
Mujin's not back yet?
He called to say that
he's finishing up
and that he's on his way now.
Before the next
tournament starts
I imagine he will be back.
(chuckles) That lucky bastard,
a trip the feds are paying for?
To be fair, for a
minute back there
I got to see something
more interesting
than some overseas trip.
Can't wait to see
how this unfolds.
(Mira grumbles)
[Mori] What's wrong?
Why don't you take a wild guess?
Knock it off and
just leave me alone.
I didn't ask for our houses
to be on the same route,
so you really gotta
stop lurking,
and lurking, and lurking,
and staring, and
staring, and staring.
It's creeping me out.
You.
Give it back!
(Mori gasps)
Give me back my sword!
You're not secretly
a gorilla, are you?
-Gah!
-Who's a gorilla
you big dumb baboon?
Gah, gah, gah!
And you, what's with
you following me
all the way from the arena?
You damned stalker!
'Cause my house is this way too.
(Mira growls)
Fine!
Whatever!
I just got it fixed.
Why'd you have to
go break it again?
Not cool.
[Mira] Not my problem.
Why'd you attack me?
I was just trying to give back
your stupid wooden sword.
Well, if I'd had my glasses
I could have seen you
weren't that slipper jerk.
[Daewi] The nanomachines
they injected us with,
they really can heal us.
(machine beeping)
With technology like this ...
Hey guys!
So, what inspired
you to take part
in this whole God of
High School thing?
Huh?
Where did that come from?
So like for me,
I want to fight
all kinds of guys
and get way stronger every time!
(chuckles) And you, Daewi?
Huh?
Ah ...
I want money.
Man, I wish it were
that simple for me.
What are fighting for?
I signed up to bring my family's
sword dojo back to life.
Whoa, cool.
Your family runs a dojo?
Well, kind of.
[Mori] Then why'd you let people
snatch your sword so easily?
I told you, it's 'cause
I didn't have my glasses.
Don't you listen?
Huh?
No kidding.
This thing's seen
a lot of action.
[Mira] Give that back!
(Mori gasps)
(water splashing)
Sorry, I'll get it back--
(blow smacking)
I need you to leave.
I won't ask again.
Hm.
(water sloshing)
Mira, don't let our Moon
Light Sword Style die out.
Find someone strong.
Seek out a worthy successor,
no matter what it takes.
[Mira Voiceover]
Ever since that day,
(girls giggling)
Oh my gosh, no way!
-That's so cool!
-I love it!
(girls giggling)
Mira, wanna try it too?
(somber music)
I've devoted everything to it,
to finding a strong successor.
That's the only thing I want,
to keep my promise.
(Mira gasps)
Looks like you could use
some help, am I right?
Do whatever you want.
(groans) I was sure it
fell somewhere around here.
[Mira] I'm sorry about before.
For slapping you.
It's more than a sword,
a gift from my late father.
Hm.
In that case, we won't
stop until we find it.
Mm.
-(light clicking)
-(Mira gasps)
(Mori laughs)
I borrowed it from my job.
You really are a busybody.
-(people talking indistinctly)
-(energetic electronic music)
(crowd cheering)
Good evening.
We're live at the God of High
School Seoul Preliminaries
tournament arena, and we've
got an exciting lineup
for you tonight.
Whoever makes it
all the way through
to the end of today's event
will qualify to participate
in the National God of
High School Tournament,
featuring our strongest fighters
from across the country.
Who will seize victory here
and take the first
step to having
their ultimate wish granted?
Without further ado, let's
introduce our fighters.
First up, practitioner
of tai chi, Gamdo Go!
(crowd cheering in the distance)
(Mori snoring)
Hey.
You should know, I'm about
to kick your ass, kid.
(Mori snoring)
Humph.
[Gamdo] I suggest
you leave him alone.
Who the hell are you?
We're not in the
ring at the moment--
(Daewi and Mari gasp)
Hm.
Never let your guard down, man.
(Manseok chuckles)
Attention participants.
Are we ready for
the games to begin?
(energetic electronic music)
(tense music)
Group A, match one, Mira
Yoo versus Daechul Han.
(Daechul grunting)
Winner, Mira Yoo!
Group B, match one, Mori
Jin versus The Beast.
(The Beast groaning in pain)
(Mori grunting)
Winner, Mori Jin!
(Mori laughs)
[Manseok] The form's different,
but he used TaeKwonDo
with punches too.
[Announcer] Group A, match two,
Miseon Ma versus Jongjin Wu.
(Jongjin grunting)
Winner, Miseon Ma!
Group A, match seven, Seungchul
Baek versus Sangmin Yoo.
(Sangmin groaning in pain)
Winner, Seungchul Baek!
Group A, match eight,
Daewi Han versus Yes Man.
(Yes Man grunts)
(Daewi grunts)
K.O.!
Winner Daewi Han!
Dude, I want to fight
Mira and Daewi so bad!
Oh, come to think of it,
where's that jerk
with the slippers?
I guess first he's
up against Gamdo Go.
So if we meet up, it will
be in the semifinals.
Most admirable Mori!
I appreciate what
you just did for me.
Hey, it's no biggy, really.
Right time, right
place, that's all.
I completely underestimated
my opponent like an amateur.
If not for you, I don't know
what might have happened.
Please accept my thanks.
[Announcer] Group
B, match eight,
between Manseok Kang and
Gamdo Go will begin shortly.
I must be on my way.
Excuse me.
Be careful, okay?
That guy's a tough one.
I'm aware of that,
yet I don't fear him.
This is not overconfidence.
The outcome I fear
the most would be
to lose the battle of
wills to a martial artist
I deem unworthy of
the name and practice.
(Gamdo chuckles)
The match will not end
until one participant is
either knocks out or gives up.
Also, if you're
knocked out of the ring
and stay out for 20 seconds
you're disqualified.
Wounds sustained
during the battle
will be repaired
by nanomachines,
so don't hold back.
You are certainly
a strong opponent,
but you have strayed from
the martial artist's
path and values.
I will give this all I have.
If you don't release
your arm restraints,
I assure you, you'll regret it.
Fighters, take your places.
Ready, go!
(Manseok chuckles)
Huh?
Rabbit's Step, Dragon Strike!
Dragon Horn's Divine Weight!
Flaming 10,000 Horse Strike!
(blows thudding)
Steel Ogre Mountain strike!
(crowd gasping)
Nice move, man!
There's no way.
20, 19, 18, 17,
Get me up.
Huh?
(men grunting)
[Announcer] Nine,
eight, seven, six,
Not bad.
Now let's make
things interesting.
Four, three, two,
he made it!
(Gamdo grunts)
In the exact moment
Gamdo's heel came down
he removed his right arm
from its restraint to block.
You know, you're
actually pretty good.
Guess I can't handle you
with kicks alone, can I?
(Gamdo grunts)
(Manseok chuckles)
(Manseok grunts)
(Manseok laughing)
(Gamdo screams)
What the heck?
Is that even TaeKwonDo?
I've never seen anyone
fight like that before.
Northern style TaeKwonDo?
Yes.
Eye gouges, piercing strikes,
hits below the
belt, anything goes.
It was a martial art devised
with the aim of
survival in the war.
[Q] Now where the
hell do you think
he learned something like that?
[P] That I don't know.
Aw, come on, you
can't be done yet.
What's the matter?
You got me all hot and
bothered for nothing!
[Gamdo Voiceover] Don't get mad.
Don't be afraid.
That's payback for earlier.
Control your emotions.
Quiet.
Peaceful.
Unrelenting presence of mind
will plunge you into the
deepest depths of your soul,
and there you'll find it.
Calm.
That is the core of tai chi.
Tai chi technique, Yin
Yang Balance Strike!
Impossible!
Don't look shocked,
that hurts my feelings.
He repelled his opponent's
strike with equal force.
Say it.
Say the words, "Forgive me."
And why in the world
would I do that?
-(blow smacking)
-(Gamdo groans)
What was that?
I couldn't hear you.
Say it louder.
I don't want your forgiveness.
-(Gamdo groans)
-Say it!
"Please forgive
me," just say it.
Say it, say it!
(Gamdo choking)
Why don't you just
say "forgive me"?
Forgive me!
Forgive me, please!
Please let me live!
Please, forgive me.
Say it!
(Gamdo choking)
Just say it!
(Gamdo grunts)
Beg for your
miserable little life!
Say it, dammit!
Say, "Please forgive me!"
Hey, we're okay with this?
Monster.
Hey guy, don't go
unconscious now.
Huh?
I will never beg forgiveness
from someone like you.
(Manseok laughs)
Oh yeah?
You know, I remember
earlier you said
if I didn't remove both arm
restraints I'd regret it, right?
(fabric tearing)
You had it backwards!
You're gonna regret
what's about to go down.
This is gonna be fun.
First your arms,
then on to your legs.
Want to take bets on which one
will trigger the begging?
(Gamdo screams)
[Announcer] Gamdo
Go, do you give up?
(Manseok laughs)
No, I won't let him!
(Gamdo groaning in pain)
-(Gamdo screams)
-(Manseok laughs)
[Mori] Yeah, you proved it.
Your TaeKwonDo's
kind of the worst.
Huh?
(Manseok groans)
Get up.
I didn't even hit that hard.
You cocky piece of shit!
Did he just ...?
Excuse me participant
number 41, Mori Jin.
Interference in another match
is a severe breach of
the tournament rules.
I'm going to have to
ask you to come with me.
I mean, I will,
but I'd rather have
another fight with blondie here.
Be quiet.
Huh?
(ominous whooshing)
[Manseok Voiceover] I'm
not like I was back then.
[Mori Voiceover] He took
off those heavy pants.
[Manseok Voiceover]
I'm not like I was.
I'm not that guy anymore.
(Manseok gasps)
(Manseok whimpering)
You want power, do you?
(hooded woman chuckles)
(Manseok breathing heavily)
I guess worthless trash
like you can't use charyeok.
Loser.
(Manseok groans)
Take it back!
(Manseok growls)
I'm not a loser!
(crowd screaming)
(Mari and Daewi gasp)
Renewal TaeKwonDo Triple Kick!
(Mori grunts)
(powerful music)
(Mori groans)
(Q chuckles)
Would you look at that?
He's here.
You came back at
just the right time,
Mujin Park.
(Mori groaning)
Who the heck are you?
Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm Mujin Park.
As you've seen,
participant Mori Jin
has committed a gross violation
of our competition rules.
As head of tournament
administration,
I will inform you all of his
punishment once it's decided.
But, until we decide his fate,
the tournament will
continue as scheduled.
(crowd cheering)
[Man] Mori, you were
strong as hell in there!
[Woman] You're so
cool, I love you!
Mori, look at me!
You really are a busybody.
(Mori laughs)
(Mira laughs)
(electronic music)
(mellow electronic music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high,
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we're
going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose ♪
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going ♪
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams, you and me ♪
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming ♪
♪ We'll fight then all
together, not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ We lift us up high, we
help each other win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪